release: v1.51.0 (#5642)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_garypen_router_411_batching_entity_caching.md

> ### Allow query batching and entity caching to work together ([PR #5598](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5598))
> 
> Without co-ordination, entity caching and subgraph batching will not work together. This changes entity caching so that, if a subgraph request is identified as being part of a batch, entity caching is not applied to the request.

Reviewer: @garypen - please review

```suggestion
### Allow query batching and entity caching to work together ([PR #5598](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5598))

The router now supports entity caching and subgraph to run simultaneously. Specifically, this change updates the entity cache to not cache a subgraph request if the request is part of a batch.

so that, if a subgraph request is identified as being part of a batch, entity caching is not applied to the request.
```

Reviewer 2: I think there's a "batching" missing in the middle of line 3, just after "subgraph".

In the second sentence, I think this is clearer:

Specifically, this change updates entity caching to ignore a subgraph request if the request is part of a batch.

With that in place, I don't think we need lines 4 and 5. (also line 5 seems to be missing something from the start of the line as is).

Reviewer: Thanks @garypen, updating as suggested:

```suggestion
### Allow query batching and entity caching to work together ([PR #5598](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5598))

The router now supports entity caching and subgraph batching to run simultaneously. Specifically, this change updates entity caching to ignore a subgraph request if the request is part of a batch.
```
